Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c9d0j2y3w3eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: How a Red Bull can helped solve mystery of missing cyclist 9 minutes ago Share Save Graeme Ogston BBC Scotland News Share Save Crown Office Tony Parsons was captured on CCTV on the day he set off on his charity cycle ride It was two months into their relationship when Dr Caroline Muirhead's new boyfriend confessed he had killed a man and left him in a shallow grave. Alexander McKellar offered to take her to the spot where the body was buried – and her quick thinking was crucial in cracking a case which had baffled police for three years. Tony's son Mike said that without Caroline's intervention, it was unlikely that his body would ever have been found – and expressed the family's gratitude for what she had done. Police Scotland Tony Parsons was described as a loving father, grandfather and friend Mike Parsons told BBC Scotland News that his dad was the kind of man who was always determined to complete any challenge he set himself. "I actually texted him myself, with what is my dad and myself's sense of humour, a simple text: 'Are you still alive?' "Looking back now, it's not nice to know that was the very last thing I texted to him, knowing at this point he would have been passed away." Caroline Muirhead became a key witness in a murder investigation after her boyfriend of two months confessed he killed a man. "But I basically had to convince my mum there was still a chance, and lying to somebody like that is not easy." Mike Parsons said the McKellar brothers' actions were inhumane Despite numerous public appeals including an appearance by Mike on Crimewatch, it seemed that Tony Parsons had vanished into thin air. Police had spoken to the brothers after an anonymous letter in August 2018 said they were in the Bridge of Orchy Hotel the night Tony Parsons had vanished, but no further action was taken. Crown Office The can of Red Bull dropped at the burial site allowed police to locate Tony Parsons' body It was later revealed that Tony's injuries were so bad that he would only have survived for 20 or 30 minutes without help - but it was unlikely that he had died instantly. Crown Office Tony Parsons body was buried in a remote area of the Auch Estate Mike Parsons said she had shown "remarkable foresight." "Being brutally honest, I'm not so sure if I was in the same situation I would have done and thought the same way. "From my perspective, I have nothing but massive amounts of gratitude for that, because had she not done that and put herself into these positions, then we would never have found my dad's body." Tony's body was recovered from the grave in January 2021 after a two-day operation by specialist officers.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/tamara-keith-and-amy-walter-on-trumps-federal-takeover-of-washington-d-c
Article: NPR’s Tamara Keith and Amy Walter of the Cook Political Report with Amy Walter join Amna Nawaz to discuss the latest political news, including President Trump’s federal takeover of Washington, D.C., the redistricting battle in Texas and other states and Trump's upcoming meeting with Putin.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/the-legality-of-trumps-d-c-takeover-as-statistics-show-decline-in-crime
Article: This provision for the president to take control of the Metropolitan Police Department for up to 30 days, it was put into the Home Rule Act back in 1973, but it's never been used. And so I think part of what we're really going to need to watch out for is, how exactly is the Metropolitan Police Department's day-to-day work over the next days and weeks different from what it was doing over the first eight months of 2025? And, again, I think the real key is for folks to not get desensitized to the radicalism of using federalized police, using federalized military authority for ordinary law enforcement contexts in a setting in which the facts don't seem to support it.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/news-wrap-trump-plans-to-discuss-ukraines-future-borders-with-putin
Article: In our news wrap Monday, President Trump said he's planning to discuss Ukraine's future borders with Putin when the two meet in Alaska, a judge in New York rejected a Justice Department request to unseal grand jury records from Ghislaine Maxwell's sex trafficking case and officials in Pennsylvania say at least one person is confirmed dead after an explosion at a U.S.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/2025/08/11/terrance-cole-dea-dc-federal-takeover/
Article: Cole and his family were later evacuated from the country after multiple Colombian police officers working with DEA agents were fatally shot, he told former Congress member Mary Bono in a podcast last year. He retired in 2020 while serving as the DEA’s acting regional director for Mexico, Canada and Central America — experience that may serve him well as he navigates the thorny geopolitics surrounding Trump’s aggressive pushes to fight Latin American drug trafficking organizations. Cole leads a federal drug agency of more than 10,000 employees tasked with combating criminal organizations that traffic cocaine, methamphetamine and synthetic opioids such as fentanyl, which has killed hundreds of thousands in the United States during the past decade. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Trump has made battling fentanyl and internal criminal groups a national priority, seeking tariffs on Mexico, China and Canada because of their role in the drug trade. Cole is also leading the DEA as it handles a Biden Justice Department proposal to loosen restrictions on marijuana, a measure previously supported by Trump despite objections from other GOP leaders. He told senators he needed to “look at the science behind it and listen to the experts and really understand where they are in the process.” Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement What will he do in D.C.? At a news conference Monday, Trump said Cole would serve as the interim federal administrator of the District police department, tasked with marshaling the department’s officers and federal agents to crack down on crime. Advertisement “We will have full, seamless, integrated cooperation at all levels of law enforcement, and we’ll deploy officers across the District with an overwhelming presence,” Trump said Trump also hinted that he wants Cole to continue his administration’s war on progressive policies. “Chief Pamela Smith is the chief of the Metropolitan Police Department, and its 3,100 members work under her direction.” Bowser cited the Home Rule charter, which says in case of an emergency, the president may require the D.C. Advertisement Cole met with Smith on Monday evening and relayed to her that “the federal team involved in this know that they don’t know the city, and they are looking for [the D.C.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c6266y42xndo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Don't trust Putin' and 'Two weddings and a feud' 11 minutes ago Share Save Share Save "Don't trust Putin" was Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer's warning to US President Donald Trump ahead of the "crunch Ukraine summit" on Friday with Russian President Vladimir Putin writes the i Paper. In health news, a study based on members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church - who mostly eat a plant-based diet - suggests that vegetarians are less likely to develop cancer than meat-eaters. French President Emmanuel Macron has hired investigators to "probe US podcaster" Candace Owens, after he and his wife Brigitte sued the right-wing influencer last month for saying that the French first lady had been born a man. There will be "none for the road" in a "driving laws shake-up" reports the Daily Mirror as part of a "major effort to reduce the death toll on our roads".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8600x7dnn4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 47 minutes ago Share Save Lucy Gilder & Jake Horton BBC Verify Share Save BBC President Donald Trump has said he will deploy hundreds of National Guard troops to Washington DC and is taking control of its police department to fight crime. Getty Images FBI agents agents patrolled the streets in Washington DC over the weekend Violent crime is reported differently by the MPDC and the FBI - another major source of US crime statistics. "But overall there's an unmistakable and large drop in violence since the summer of 2023, when there were peaks in homicide, gun assaults, robbery, and carjacking." What about murder rates? As of 11 August, there have been 99 homicides so far this year in Washington DC - including a 21-year-old congressional intern shot dead in crossfire, a case Trump referred to in his press conference. The president also mentioned the case of a 19-year-old former employee of the Department of Government Efficiency (Doge) who was injured in an alleged attempted carjacking in the capital at the start of August.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c3wnn0lgzqgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Jess Carter feared team-mate Lauren James would suffer "astronomical" racist abuse if she had been the only England player to miss a penalty in the Euro 2025 quarter-final shootout against Sweden. Carter told ITN: "It's horrible to say but it's almost like a sigh of relief when other players that weren't black missed a penalty, because the racism that would have come with LJ [Lauren James] being the only one that missed would have been astronomical.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/a-brief-but-spectacular-take-on-revolutionizing-womens-health-care
Article: After struggling to find doctors who properly treated her own menopause symptoms, Joanna Strober created Midi Health, a virtual clinic designed for the millions of women navigating this significant life transition.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/business/economy/trump-bls-commissioner.html
Article: The previous commissioner, Erika McEntarfer, is a Ph.D economist who served for decades at the Census Bureau before the Senate confirmed her nomination on a bipartisan basis in early 2024 by a vote of 86-8.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-describes-upcoming-summit-russias-putin-feel-meeting/story?id=124548807
Article: President Donald Trump on Monday previewed his highly-anticipated meeting with Russia's Vladimir Putin, saying he's hopeful for "constructive conversations" but that it isn't up to him to make a peace deal. "This is really a feel-out meeting, a little bit," Trump told reporters in the White House briefing room, where he held a news conference on a federal takeover of Washington's police force and deployment of the National Guard to deal, he said, with the city's crime and homelessness. Jim Watson/AFP via Getty Images Trump said Zelenskyy wasn't invited to be part of Friday's meeting, but that he'd call the Ukrainian leader first after to relay what was discussed. I make deals." Trump declined to share specifics on what he would consider a fair agreement between Ukraine and Russia, but again suggested that there would be "some land swapping." Trump said his goal was to set up a next meeting between Zelenskyy and Putin or between himself, Zelenskyy and Putin. "Putin is determined only to present a meeting with America as his personal victory and then continue acting exactly as before, applying the same pressure on Ukraine as before," Zelenskyy wrote on X. If someone is preparing for peace, this is not what he does." Russian President Vladimir Putin (L) giving a speech during an event to mark the 1160th anniversary of Russia's statehood in Veliky Novgorod on September 21, 2022, and Donald Trump looking on during a meeting with France's President at the Elysee Palace in Paris, on December 7, 2024. "I thought it was very respectful that the president of Russia is coming to our country as opposed to us going to his country or even a third party place," Trump said. "But I think we'll have constructive conversations." Trump on Monday continued to express frustration with Putin and Zelenskyy, and again claimed the war wouldn't have started if he were president.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/8/11/gunman-kills-three-at-target-store-in-us-state-of-texas?traffic_source=rss
Article: The attack occurred on Monday in the state’s capital, Austin, with Chief of Police Lisa Davis describing the attacker as a man in his 30s with “a mental health history”. “While this remains an active and ongoing investigation, what I’ll say is that this was a sickening, cowardly act of gun violence.” The Target attack comes just over two weeks after an attack at a Walmart store in Michigan.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/trump-administration/trump-plans-nominate-ej-antoni-bureau-labor-statistics-commissioner-rcna224438
Article: Trump said, without evidence, that the jobs report for July was “RIGGED in order to make the Republicans, and ME, look bad.” Antoni did not immediately respond to NBC News’ request for comment Monday. Multiple former BLS commissioners said after McEntarfer's firing that the head of labor statistics does not have a role in compiling the jobs report and is only briefed on its figures shortly before it is released to the public.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/soccer/cristiano-ronaldo-proposes-longtime-girlfriend-massive-engagement-ring-rcna224435
Article: Rodríguez has also helped raise Ronaldo’s three other children — Cristiano Jr., who was born in June 2010, and twins Eva and Mateo, a daughter and son born via surrogate in June 2017.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/were-allowed-to-be-partisan-in-drawing-congressional-maps-texas-republican-says
Article: The Republican effort is being pushed by President Trump and Governor Abbott, who called the special session, on the agenda, flood relief, but also passing a new electoral map that could yield Republicans up to five additional congressional seats. In fact, you said — quote — "The Trump administration wants to see if we can squeeze out two, maybe five congressional districts, Republican districts, in Texas." That seems like a pretty honest explanation of the goal here.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/us/politics/immigration-detention-numbers.html
Article: The number of people in immigration detention reached a new high of more than 60,000 on Monday, breaking a modern record set during the first Trump administration, according to internal records from Immigration and Customs Enforcement. The number of detained people has jumped since January, when about 39,000 people were in immigration detention, reflecting efforts by the Trump administration to quickly ramp up arrests and deportations. The latest figures reflect the shifting focus of immigration policing: Most of the people detained in January had been arrested by Customs and Border Protection, the agency that patrols the nation’s land borders, seaports and airports.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/08/11/trump-antoni-bls-statistics.html
Article: Antoni was a contributor to Project 2025, the controversial conservative policy blueprint designed to help Trump and his officials achieve a raft of goals in his second term in the White House. The Wall Street Journal reported Sunday that Trump administration officials had interviewed Antoni for the BLS post, and that former White House advisor Steve Bannon had advocated for him to be nominated. The Journal also reported that "Antoni called for the removal of Erika McEntarfer as head of BLS on Bannon's [podcast] show following the release of a weak July jobs report."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/08/12/european-defense-giants-could-move-higher-bank-of-america-says.html
Article: Speaking to CNBC's "Squawk Box Europe" on Thursday, Ben Heelan, Bank of America's head of EU industrials research, said his team expects European long-only investors are yet to buy into the defense space. Many ESG funds, which have historically swerved defense investments, appear to have shifted their stance on the sector amid rising geopolitical instability and commitments from Western governments to grow their security budgets. And actually, we don't think that the weighting for ESG funds in Europe has actually shifted that much, which I think is very interesting — we do feel as though a lot of that re-weighting of the European ESG asset basis is still to come." European defense stocks have had a year of blockbuster growth, amid commitments from regional governments and the NATO military alliance — whose members are largely European nations — to drastically ramp up defense spending.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/deadline-white-house/deadline-legal-blog/supreme-court-second-amendment-guns-drugs-hemani-case-rcna224352
Article: The Justice Department is pressing the high court to take a Second Amendment case about a federal law that bars firearm possession by a person who “is an unlawful user of or addicted to any controlled substance.” The issue is due for consideration in the court’s Sept. While Maxwell’s case is far from a sure thing for review — it takes four justices to agree, and they reject most petitions — the Second Amendment issue presents a more likely candidate, at least as it’s presented by the DOJ. In its petition in the case of Ali Danial Hemani — whose prosecution, the government said, is based on his “habitual use of marijuana” — the Trump administration urged the justices to grant review because a lower court said the gun law is unconstitutional. The petition said the high court “has recently and repeatedly reviewed decisions invalidating federal statutes even in the absence of a circuit conflict.” The administration also said there is such a circuit conflict, meaning different federal appeals courts around the country ruling on an issue differently, leaving it to the justices to resolve the dispute nationwide. Hemani’s case and the [appeals court] decision below”; they said that the 5th Circuit didn’t invalidate the federal law in all its applications and that there’s no circuit split needing resolution. Solicitor General John Sauer maintained that the appeal “presents an important Second Amendment issue that affects hundreds of prosecutions every year: whether the government may disarm individuals who habitually use unlawful drugs but are not necessarily under the influence while possessing a firearm.” Though the government’s petition is a plausible candidate for review, it’s ultimately up to the justices whether and when to step in. Notably, they haven’t taken every Second Amendment appeal presented to them over the years, to the chagrin of gun rights advocates and some of the justices, such as Clarence Thomas, who lamented upon the court’s declining to consider a different gun appeal in June that the right to bear arms remains a “second-class” one without the court’s vigilance in enforcing it. Rahimi, a lopsided court ruled 8-1 that the Second Amendment permits temporarily disarming people who have been found by a court to pose a credible threat to the physical safety of another person. Subscribe to the Deadline: Legal Newsletter for expert analysis on the top legal stories of the week, including updates from the Supreme Court and developments in the Trump administration’s legal cases.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/08/11/847306270/sheila-jordan-obituary
Article: Sheila Jordan, a singular voice in jazz, has died Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Stewart Michael Stewart Sheila Jordan, one of the great underappreciated voices in jazz, has died at the age of 96. Despite a career that unfolded in fits and starts due to racial tensions, a troubled marriage and the challenges of single motherhood, Jordan recorded one of the most beloved vocal jazz records of the 1960s, Portrait of Sheila on Blue Note Records, and was recognized 50 years later by the National Endowment of the Arts as a Jazz Master, the genre's highest honor. "That's the one I'll dedicate my life to." Jordan, who was white, became good friends with Parker — he called her "the lady with the million dollar ears." In 1952, she married one of his close collaborators, Duke Jordan, and went on to work with many Black jazz artists, often facing prejudice from other white people because of it. "That's how I survived, knowing that once or twice a week I'd get a sitter for Traci, and I'd go and sing in this club, and then I'd get up the next morning and go do my day gig." YouTube Many have said her voice was unlike any other.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/us/politics/trump-putin-alaska-meeting.html
Article: “We’re done with the funding of the Ukraine war business,” he said, insisting that the only way American arms would make it into Ukrainian hands would be if European allies bought and transferred them. Trump seemed to suggest that he was walking into this discussion with none of those, though European officials say they have seen evidence that, at lower levels, Russian and American officials are talking.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/health/covid-vaccine-young-children.html
Article: But the Food and Drug Administration is considering discontinuing the authorization for that age group, according to an email sent by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to state and local health departments. Pfizer confirmed the possibility on Monday evening and said that the company was “currently in discussions with the agency on potential paths forward.” For children 5 to 11 years old, the Pfizer vaccine is expected to be approved and available, according to the C.D.C.’s email, which was reviewed by The New York Times.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/scientists-search-dna-endangered-salamander-mexico-citys-canals-124560889
Article: Scientists from a university are filtering Mexico City's waters for traces of the DNA of an endangered salamander, the axolotl FILE - An axolotl swims in an aquarium at a museum at the Xochimilco Ecological Park, in Mexico City, Feb. (AP Photo/Marco Ugarte, File) MEXICO CITY -- Sixty years ago, residents of a canal-crossed borough in Mexico City could pluck axolotls — the large salamander reminiscent of a tiny dragon — out of the water with their hands because they were so plentiful. “We all shed DNA along our path across the world and that can be captured by filtering air or water,” said biologist Luis Zambrano, from the university's ecological restoration lab. That’s then compared to the profiles contained in a genetic library put together some years ago by British scientists, said Esther Quintero of Conservation International in Mexico, which has collaborated with Zambrano since 2023. Referring to the one unprotected area, Zambrano said “it’s very little,” but a sign that there is the possibility of resilience, even with continuing environmental degradation and pollution of the canals. So far, the researchers have only searched a third of Xochimilco with the environmental DNA technique and the manual work with nets, but they plan to continue the work and hopefully present an updated census early next year. Zambrano highlights that his team’s work has shown that conservation works and that the effort to protect the species is also improving water quality, increasing the number of pollinizers in the area and means that Mexico City makes better use of Xochimilco’s water, among other benefits.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/education/dallas-isd-cedar-crest-elementary-celebrates-after-improving-state-grade-from-an-f-to-b/287-d7a08d82-b9f4-4f5a-b48c-35a6d0b24120
Article: Cedar Crest Elementary's a Journey of Excellence-themed year boosts pride as its rating climbs from an “F” to a projected “A.” DALLAS — Like most of her students, Shanitra Beck has never been to Paris, but that hasn’t stopped her from bringing Paris to her students. She transformed her classroom into a little slice of Paris, bringing the city’s charm and magic to Cedar Crest Elementary’s theme this year: “A Journey of Excellence.” Every hallway and classroom resembled places around the world. At the time, that “D” rating was progress because in the 2019-2020 school year, the school received an “F” from the Texas Education Agency (TEA) and risked having the state take over. Ray said they even implemented a strategy called “looping.” That’s where teachers, such as Beck, get the same 3rd graders from last year, as her 4th grade reading class this year.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/us/politics/trump-mayor-washington-dc-crime.html
Article: Closely flanked by the defense secretary and the nation’s top law enforcement official, President Trump sought to project an image of raw power on Monday as he announced his plans to send National Guard troops to the nation’s capital and engineer a federal takeover of its police department. “We’re going to replace the medians that are falling down all over the road, we’re going to replace the potholes,” Trump said, just after urging the nation’s tourists not to be put off from their trips to see the White House or the Air and Space Museum by the apocalyptic stories of murders and carjackings that he was telling at that very moment, despite the fact that the city’s violent crime rate has fallen. “By the time you get your trip set, it’s going to be safe again.” While Trump has deployed the National Guard to cities before, including in Los Angeles earlier this year and in Washington in 2020, this is the first time that he has actually moved to take control of a local police force, and to make a city’s crime his problem.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/middle-east/video-appears-show-moment-palestinian-activist-killed-israeli-settler-rcna224437
Article: TEL AVIV, Israel — New video footage appears to show the moment a Palestinian activist was killed as an Israeli settler fired toward him during a confrontation with unarmed Palestinians in the occupied West Bank last month. B’Tselem says it obtained the video from the family of Awdah Hathaleen, 31, an activist, English teacher and father of three who was shot and killed on July 28, and who they said had filmed it. Levi, who is shown firing his gun twice in a video shot by another witness and obtained by The Associated Press, was briefly detained and then released from house arrest by an Israeli court, which cited lack of evidence. The shooting occurred in Umm al-Khair, a village that has long weathered settler violence in an area profiled in the Oscar-winning film “No Other Land.” Settler attacks on Palestinians have spiked since the outbreak of the Israel-Hamas war, as have attacks by Palestinian militants. “Awdah’s killing is another horrific example of how Palestinians, both in Gaza and in the West Bank, are currently living without any sort of protection, fully exposed to Israeli violence, while Israeli soldiers or settlers can kill them in broad daylight and enjoy full impunity while the world watches,” said Sarit Michaeli, the international outreach director for B’Tselem.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/mountain-lion-attacks-11-year-girl-home-malibu-124560163
Article: Authorities say a mountain lion attacked and wounded an 11-year-old girl outside her family’s home in Malibu, California, then chased her mother before it was scared off By The Associated Press MALIBU, Calif. The girl was near a chicken coop on the property Sunday evening when the cougar attacked her from behind, biting her arm, leg and lower back, according to California Department of Fish and Wildlife spokesperson Peter Tira.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/uvalde-school-district-releases-records-2022-classroom-shooting-124560426
Article: School district officials have released text messages, personnel files and student records of the shooter from the 2022 attack at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, that killed 19 students and two teachers FILE - Crosses are surrounded by flowers and other mementos at a memorial, June 9, 2022, for the victims of a shooting at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay, File) FILE - Crosses are surrounded by flowers and other mementos at a memorial, June 9, 2022, for the victims of a shooting at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay, File) AUSTIN, Texas -- School officials in Uvalde, Texas, on Monday released text messages, personnel files and student records of the shooter from the 2022 attack at Robb Elementary School, following a yearslong legal battle over public access to the material. Media organizations, including The Associated Press, sued the district and county in 2022 for the release of their records related to the mass shooting that killed 19 students and two teachers.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-08-11/lausd-bass-pledge-back-to-school-protections-immigrant-families
Article: Los Angeles Unified school police, staff and community volunteers will form protective perimeters around at least 100 schools when classes begin on Thursday to help ensure the safe passage of children — an announcement that came on a day that immigration agents reportedly handcuffed, detained and drew their guns on a student outside Arleta High School in a case of mistaken identity, officials said. “Such actions — violently detaining a child just outside a public school — are absolutely reprehensible and should have no place in our country,” school board member Kelly Gonez, who represents Arleta High, said in a social media post. Alberto Carvalho spoke Monday at a news conference near district headquarters, saying that the district is doubling down on efforts to protect students and families by creating and expanding “safe zones” around campuses, before and after school, with the help of community workers, school police and local police departments. There will be adults in the community who will serve as eyes and ears on the street.” At least two mayors from smaller cities pledged direct police assistance in patrolling areas around schools. Advertisement The public commitment was intended to reassure families that school will be a safe place and that officials also will do what they can to protect families on their way to and from campuses. The school system also is distributing family preparedness packets, “all the information in one single form, in a multitude of languages,” said Carvalho, with the goal of “explaining the rights of our children and their parents, but also providing easy access to the resources that we have available to all of them.” The district also has created a “compassion fund” to provide general help for families, including legal assistance. Los Angeles Unified covers an area totaling 710 square miles, which, along with the City of Los Angeles, includes all or portions of 25 cities and some unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/08/11/nx-s1-5499537/trump-bls-ej-antoni
Article: Sponsor Message Trump fired the previous commissioner of labor statistics, Erika McEntarfer, less than two weeks ago, after the bureau reported weaker than expected job gains for May, June and July.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/plane-crashes-parked-aircraft-landing-montana-airport-sparking-124559683
Article: The plane that was attempting to land burst into flame but the pilot and three passengers were able to get out on their own after it came to a stop, Hagen said. Aviation safety consultant Jeff Guzzetti, who used to investigate crashes for both the FAA and NTSB, said incidents where planes crash into parked planes happen a few times a year in general aviation. In one high-profile incident in February, a Learjet owned by Motley Crue singer Vince Neil veered off a runway in Scottsdale, Arizona, and crashed into a parked Gulfstream, killing one person.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/thomas-pinkerton-youth-pastor-arrested-sex-abuse-baltimore-maryland-rcna224311
Article: used to tell children in his youth group in Maryland that it was normal for a pastor to kiss boys on the lips, because that’s how Jesus greeted his disciples, according to an arrest warrant made public last week. Pinkerton, 52, a youth minister known as Pastor Tommy, is being held without bond following accusations that he sexually abused six teens from 2006 to 2010 while working at Central Christian Church, an Assemblies of God church in Baltimore County. He gave his life to the community, worked for the community,” Hollimon said, adding that he filed a motion Monday morning seeking another bond hearing for Pinkerton after a judge denied his release last week. “He’s anxiously waiting his day in court.” Pinkerton’s arrest comes as the Assemblies of God, the world’s largest Pentecostal denomination, with nearly 3 million members across 13,000 churches in the United States, is grappling with a string of child sex abuse allegations. As part of an ongoing investigation into the denomination’s handling of abuse claims, NBC News published an investigation last week based on interviews, emails, court filings and police reports that examined how an Assemblies of God college ministry guided hundreds of students to the home of Daniel Savala, a convicted sex offender lauded by some as “the holiest man alive.” Days later, Assemblies of God leaders addressed the issue of sex abuse in the denomination during a biennial gathering in Orlando, defending their handling of the Savala case while also pledging to make changes to prevent similar abuses in the future. The men alleged that when they were in their teens, Pinkerton would give them massages and rub their penises; several said Pinkerton would greet them with what he referred to as a “heavenly kiss” or “brotherly kiss” on the lips, likening this to Jesus. Assemblies of God officials distanced themselves from Pinkerton on Monday, telling NBC News that, although Pinkerton worked at an Assemblies of God church, he was never formally credentialed as a minister with the denomination. “We are so saddened to hear of this report, and are deeply concerned whenever reports like this come out,” said Benjamin Rainey Jr., secretary-treasurer of the Assemblies of God regional office that oversees the three-state region that includes Maryland. In a statement posted last week on its website, Central Christian said Pinkerton served on its staff more than 15 years ago and hasn’t been affiliated with the church since he left to start his own ministry. In the years since the alleged abuse occurred, Pinkerton has preached in at least six different states, NBC News found, and according to his ministry website, he has evangelized in South America, Europe and Asia. One church where he preached, the New Chapel in Grand Rapids, Michigan, which is not an Assemblies of God church, posted on its website over the weekend that it had cut ties with Pinkerton before he was arrested. “We were heartbroken to hear of these serious allegations that occurred in Baltimore, Maryland nearly 20 years ago, and communicated the situation to our church family after severing all ties with the accused several months back.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/conroe-city-leaders-discuss-extending-building-moratorium-amid-water-capacity-problems/17505557/
Article: Conroe city leaders to take new vote on temporary moratorium on new development City leaders have said in meetings that the city is currently out of compliance with state water capacity requirements and needs more than a dozen new water wells. We had to tell them no." "If the developer commits $20 million of raw land or infrastructure improvements, that $20 million will be passed on to the builders who buy the lots and that will be passed on to the homeowners, all of which exacerbates the home affordability issue," Miller said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czerrzdewzxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hot weather to peak amid water shortage fears 48 minutes ago Share Save Elizabeth Rizzini BBC Weather Share Save EPA Heat health alerts are coming into effect for the whole of England later, with amber warnings for most southern and central areas - meaning there could be travel disruption or increased demand on health services. Meanwhile, the national drought group - which includes the Met Office, regulators, the government, and water companies - has warned that England is now suffering from "nationally significant" water shortfalls. The group said England is experiencing widespread environmental and agricultural effects from the shortage of water, which is hitting crop yields, reducing feed for livestock, damaging river wildlife and wetlands, as well as increasing wildfires. A jet stream to the north and high pressure to the east is drawing up hot and humid air from the south As high pressure has pushed eastwards, the UK has been drawing in some very warm air on a southerly to south easterly wind from the European continent, where temperatures have been particularly high. The amber heat health alert – issued by the UK Health Security Agency – begins across the Midlands, East Anglia, London and South East England at 09:00 and continues until 18:00 on Wednesday. Highest temperatures of 2025 England - 35.8C Faversham, 1July - 35.8C Faversham, 1July Wales - 33.1C Cardiff Bute Park, 12 July - 33.1C Cardiff Bute Park, 12 July Scotland - 32.2C Aviemore, 12 July - 32.2C Aviemore, 12 July Northern Ireland - 30C Magilligan, 12 July EPA/Shutterstock Temperatures could reach 34C in the capital Some could see a fourth heatwave of the summer this week, the official criteria for which is when locations reach a particular threshold temperature for at least three consecutive days. There will be a slight shift in wind direction to more of a south-westerly meaning the highest temperatures could be across parts of East Anglia, again in the low 30s. However, as high pressure builds in once more it is likely temperatures will rise again into the weekend to the mid-to-high 20s, with 30C possible in southern England and south Wales.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c93ddrp17zko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trump picks conservative economist to lead jobs data agency 12 minutes ago Share Save Ali Abbas Ahmadi BBC News Share Save Texas Public Policy Foundation EJ Antoni is chief economist at the conservative Heritage Foundation US President Donald Trump has picked a conservative think tank economist to lead the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), after firing its previous head following weaker-than-expected jobs data. Earlier in August Trump fired BLS Commissioner Erika McEntarfer, claiming she had "rigged" jobs figures to make him look bad, an accusation that drew sharp criticism from economists across the political spectrum.

Link: https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/msnbc-opinion/donald-trump-record-ice-detentions-rcna223773
Article: The reconciliation bill President Donald Trump signed last month increased Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s detention budget by more than 300%, making the immigration enforcement machine’s budget comparable to that of some foreign armed forces. ICE has begun hiring thousands of new agents; it is trying to lure recruits with $50,000 signing bonuses, and last week Secretary of Homeland Security Kristi Noem lifted the age cap for new ICE hires. The administration is undertaking an unprecedented realignment of the federal government, turning it into a detention and deportation machine that threatens communities, upends legal norms and shakes the foundation of American democracy. As we at the American Immigration Council laid out in a recent report, Trump’s second-term immigration policies, in just six months, represent an unprecedented and coordinated assault on democratic rights and principles. And despite the Fifth Amendment’s promise of due process, the administration sent hundreds of Venezuelan men to El Salvador’s hellhole CECOT prison, based on vague, unchallengeable allegations of gang affiliation. In addition to hiring thousands of new ICE agents, the federal government is rapidly expanding detention capacity, filling private jails and converted military sites with thousands of people, most of whom have never been charged with a crime. In immigrant-heavy communities, people are afraid to report real crime — like in Tennessee, where, according to a police chief, a child may have died because their noncitizen caretaker was scared to call 911 given the recent immigration raids in the state. What’s left is a chilling message: No immigrant is safe, no matter their background, status or contribution to society — and mass deportation comes at any cost, including Americans’ safety.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/opinion/lauren-southern-tradwife-maga.html
Article: But some, according to The Post, “say they are giving up jobs happily, in line with MAGA culture and the rise of the ‘traditional wife.’” Southern had more reason than most to want to retreat into the cult of domesticity. She gave out fliers saying, “Allah is a Gay God” in a Muslim neighborhood in England, popularized the idea that there’s a white genocide in South Africa and interviewed the reactionary philosopher Alexander Dugin on a trip to Moscow seemingly arranged by shadowy Russian interests. “A victim.” After her encounter with Tate, she wrote, her life “unraveled.” She yearned to escape her own infamy and the need to keep shoveling more outrageous content into the internet’s insatiable maw. She posted photos of herself baking, and “selfies in the mirror showing how quickly I had bounced back to fitness and health after pregnancy.” But in reality, she wrote, her life was “hell.” She’d moved with her husband from Canada, where she’d grown up, to his native Australia, where she lived in near-total isolation.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/live/2025/08/11/us/trump-news/trump-says-he-will-clear-out-washingtons-homeless-population-but-offers-few-details
Article: “Our capital city has been overtaken by violent gangs and bloodthirsty criminals, roving mobs of wild youth, drugged-out maniacs and homeless people,” President Trump claimed on Monday, despite falling crime in Washington. President Trump on Monday took federal control of the police force in the nation’s capital for 30 days and mobilized 800 National Guard troops to fight crime in a city that he claimed was overrun with “bloodthirsty criminals,” even though crime numbers in Washington are falling. Trump took the lectern in the White House briefing room and said he also intended to clear out the capital’s homeless population, without saying how officials would do it, or detailing where those people would go. 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,584 violent crimes in 2025 so far 1,000 2011 ’13 ’15 ’17 ’19 ’21 ’23 ’25 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,584 violent crimes in 2025 so far 1,000 2011 2013 2015 2017 2019 2021 2023 2025 Instead, Mr. Federal officials were still working out many of the operational details of the president’s plan on Monday afternoon, even though small groups of agents had been conducting limited patrols over the weekend. The effort envisions about 500 federal law enforcement officers, drawn from a host of agencies that operate in Washington, to be used for some version of patrol or support roles of the local police, according to two officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe the still-developing plan. One complicating factor of using federal agents for essentially street-based police work is that those agents do not have the same authority as police officers to arrest people for minor criminal offenses, so the current view among Trump administration officials is that if federal agents see someone commit such a crime, they can stop and detain them until a local police officer arrives and makes an arrest. Trump's briefing room appearance, during which he waxed on about his real estate experience, the “oceanfront property” in Ukraine and his coming trip to “Russia” — he is actually going to Alaska to meet with Vladimir V. “Why has the president not made this a priority of nominating judges?” Several Washington residents said on Monday that the crime statistics relayed by the president had unnerved them, though they did not see the kind of violence he described. “I would much rather resources go towards, you know, community support and services and things like that, things that our taxes support and things run by the community rather than bringing in the National Guard.” Shanta Rigsby, 43, said crime had remained steady for the past five years in the Navy Yard neighborhood where she lives, with a noticeable rise after the pandemic.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/us/politics/trump-national-endowment-democracy.html
Article: A federal judge has blocked the Trump administration from withholding federal funding to the National Endowment for Democracy, a nonprofit established by Congress to bolster democracy worldwide that had been paralyzed by the loss of funding earlier this year. Friedrich of the Federal District Court for the District of Columbia wrote in her 15-page ruling that the Trump administration had withheld funds from the nonprofit “for impermissible policy reasons,” and that the endowment had suffered irreparable harm in the form of layoffs of critical staff members and suspension of several democracy-supporting initiatives. “These harms to the endowment’s global reputation and to the ‘very existence of its programs’ are irreparable,” Judge Friedrich wrote, ordering the release of $95 million in federal funds to the nonprofit — roughly 30 percent of its annual budget. The endowment, which has been denounced by major authoritarian powers like China and Russia, was one of several U.S.-backed human rights groups that fell victim to aggressive cuts mandated by the Department of Government Efficiency, a group led by Elon Musk that sought to slash much of the government soon after President Trump returned to office.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/us/west-point-air-force-academy-affirmative-action-lawsuits.html
Article: When the Supreme Court struck down race-conscious admissions at colleges in 2023, the justices said the decision did not apply to military academies because they had “potentially distinct interests.” The group behind the litigation, Students for Fair Admissions, sued shortly after to test that idea. A week after President Trump took office, he issued an executive order that stated that no one in the armed forces “should be preferred or disadvantaged on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color or creed.”

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/us/rachel-morin-victor-martinez-hernandez-sentenced.html
Article: An unauthorized immigrant from El Salvador was sentenced to life without parole on Monday for the brutal 2023 killing of a Maryland woman while she was on a hiking trail.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/live-updates/trump-admin-live-updates/?id=124535213
Article: Trump extends trade truce with China for another 90 days Trump extends trade truce with China for another 90 days Hours before the deadline was to go into effect, President Donald Trump signed an executive order extending the United States and China trade truce another 90 days, according to an announcement on social media. When asked during the press conference earlier Monday if the president intends to extend the China trade-truce deadline, which was previously set to end Monday night at midnight, Trump declined to answer.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/detroit-voters-pick-2-candidates-large-field-vying-124365879
Article: The race for Detroit’s next mayor is set to pit a longtime City Council member against a popular pastor DETROIT -- The race for Detroit’s next mayor is set to pit a longtime City Council member against a popular pastor, after council President Mary Sheffield and megachurch leader Solomon Kinloch were the top two vote-getters in Tuesday’s nonpartisan primary. "We claimed it together, and, Detroit, I believe that our best days are ahead of us.” She said the primary win belongs to every boy or girl told to “dream small,” every neighborhood where people feel left behind, every senior who “paved the way” and every college student who wants to stay in the city. “It’s time we reckoned with reality, that far too many Detroiters feel left out.” The continued growth of the city could be at stake since Duggan, who is running for Michigan's governor in 2026 as an independent, has helmed Detroit as it exited the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. The next mayor will inherit a city on much firmer footing than the one Duggan was elected to lead in 2013 when an emergency manager installed by the state to oversee the city's flailing finances filed for bankruptcy on its behalf.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/australia-selects-japans-mitsubishi-heavy-industries-65b-warship-124366597
Article: Australia says it has accepted a Japanese company's bid for a lucrative and hotly contested contract to build Australian naval vessels, expected to be worth 10 billion Australian dollars ($6.5 billion) Australia's Deputy Prime Minister Richard Marles, left, and Minister for Defence Industry Pat Conroy address a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, Tuesday, August 5, 2025. (Mick Tsikas/AAP Image via AP) Australia's Deputy Prime Minister Richard Marles, left, and Minister for Defence Industry Pat Conroy address a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra, Australia, Tuesday, August 5, 2025. (Mick Tsikas/AAP Image via AP) WELLINGTON, New Zealand -- WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Australia said Tuesday it accepted a Japanese company's bid for a lucrative and hotly contested contract to build Australian warships, expected to be worth 10 billion Australian dollars ($6.5 billion). “This is clearly the biggest defense industry agreement that will ever have been struck between Japan and Australia,” Defense Minister Richard Marles told reporters when he announced the deal Tuesday. “In fact, it’s really one of the biggest defense exports that Japan has ever engaged in.” The fleet of 11 naval vessels will replace Australia’s ageing fleet of ANZAC-class ships. But Pat Conroy, Australia’s Minister for Defense Industry, said the Mogami-class frigate was a “clear winner” when assessed by “cost, capability and meeting our schedule of delivery.” The vessels have a range of up to 10,000 nautical miles (18,520 kilometers) and 32 vertical launch cells capable of launching long-range missiles. Japan, whose only treaty ally is the United States, considers Australia a semi-ally and has increasingly sought to deepen bilateral military cooperation amid ongoing regional tensions in the disputed South China Sea. “We welcome the decision by the Australian government as a major step to further elevate Japan’s national security cooperation with Australia, which is our special strategic partner,” Japan’s Defense Minister Gen Nakatani said Tuesday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/08/12/asia-stock-markets-today-live-updates-nikkei-225-asx-200-kospi-hang-seng-csi-300-sensex-nifty-50.html
Article: Bank of America thinks the Federal Reserve may want to hold off on cutting interest rates at the end of its next FOMC meeting in the wake of the latest jobs report. "We think those FOMC members that argue for cuts don't put enough weight on the labor supply shock or the fact that inflation is stuck above target, with risks of a larger and more persistent shock after the latest tariff hikes," economist Claudio Irigoyen wrote on Monday. "Cutting in September may risk starting the easing cycle without evidence that inflation has peaked." He also said that he still doesn't expect the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates this year. "The downward revision to nonfarm payrolls increases the probability of what we view as the most likely alternate scenario: 'bad cuts,' due to deterioration in the labor market," Irigoyen wrote.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/08/11/cramer-nothing-novel-trumps-deal-with-nvidia-amd.html
Article: "To take a 15% cut on their Chinese sales is basically just another form of tariff, and we've gotten a ton of those lately, so why not this?" The White House confirmed Monday that Nvidia and AMD agreed to give the U.S. Last week, the president slapped a 100% tariff on semiconductors and chips — except for companies that are "building in the United States." Cramer said he doesn't think the government's policy is perfect, saying there's "an element of pay-to-play here that's definitely debatable." However, he suggested that the move is one of the more "benign" ways that the federal government has become involved in business.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/08/11/tuesdays-big-stock-stories-whats-likely-to-move-the-market-in-the-next-trading-session.html
Article: CNBC Contributor and cannabis watcher Tim Seymour, who is the portfolio manager of the Amplify Seymour Cannabis ETF, said Monday on "WorldWideExchange" and again on "Fast Money" : "This opens many doors." Tilray Brands was up 42% today. Live, local and late breaking Local TV ownership group Sinclair said this evening it is exploring strategic alternatives after news broke that Nexstar Media Group was in talks to buy Tegna .

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/economy/us-china-trade-deal-tariff-extension-what-to-know-rcna221774
Article: Prices have ticked up in the United States while existing tariffs on imports from China and others work their way into the economy, with companies eating much of the higher costs and consumers absorbing some. goods to 84%, Trump said on Truth Social: “Based on the lack of respect that China has shown to the World’s Markets, I am hereby raising the Tariff charged to China by the United States of America to 125%, effective immediately.” That brought all of China’s tariffs to a total of 145%. Fredrik Sandberg / TT news Agency via AFP - Getty Images “The two largest economies in the world have reached a handshake for a framework,” Lutnick said at the conclusion of the London talks.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-08-11/federal-judge-trevor-kirk-ruling
Article: Bill Essayli’s request to dismiss charges against a Los Angeles County sheriff’s deputy who has already been convicted of a felony for using excessive force during a 2023 arrest, ordering him to start his prison sentence this month. Wilson said the government’s effort to overturn a jury conviction was “contrary to the public interest.” The ruling brought to a close a criminal case involving an unusual post-trial plea agreement, which triggered the resignations of several prosecutors in May and ultimately saw the felony reduced to a misdemeanor. Advertisement In an 11-page ruling, Wilson cited a lack of new evidence or change in circumstances of the case in denying the motion to in effect erase the prosecution of L.A. But after Essayli, a staunch supporter of President Trump, was named top federal prosecutor for the area in April, he ordered a review of the case and sought its unraveling. Advertisement A federal jury found Kirk guilty of a felony count of deprivation of rights under color of law after he violently threw a woman to the ground and pepper-sprayed her outside a supermarket in Lancaster in 2023. “Indeed, after the Court rejected its request for probation and imposed a custodial sentence, the Government responded by seeking to dismiss all charges — ensuring Defendant serves no time at all.” A spokesman for the U.S. Caree Harper, who has served as a victim’s rights attorney for the woman Kirk was convicted of assaulting, celebrated the ruling as a minor victory in the face of Essayli’s broader assault on the case. Late last month, prosecutors filed a motion to dismiss the case and vacate the judgment against Kirk, citing “misgivings about the case.” They also moved to drop charges in another controversial criminal case, involving Andrew Wiederhorn, former chief executive of the company that owns the Fatburger and Johnny Rockets chains. The motions to dismiss came the same day that the Trump administration moved to extend Essayli’s term as L.A.’s top federal law enforcement official, despite flouting the normal confirmation process for prosecutorial appointees. “There’s nothing left.” Essayli’s decision to offer the deputy a lenient postconviction plea deal triggered the resignations of several prosecutors in May, including the heads of the Public Corruption and Civil Rights sections. Faerstein told jurors Kirk used excessive force against Houseton by slamming her to the ground and pepper-spraying her “when it was unnecessary to do so.” Kirk and his defense team have argued Houseton matched the description of a suspect given to Kirk as he responded. In handing down the four-month sentence, Wilson said that, in his view and the jury’s view, Kirk’s actions were “just plain inexplicable.” He said that Kirk “knew there was no danger to himself or anyone else,” before he pepper-sprayed Houseton. Keenan told the judge that the office found no new evidence but argued not enough attention had been paid to “acts of resistance.” “Didn’t the jury see all that?” Wilson questioned. The jury saw all of it.” After the hearing last week, activists confronted Keenan in the hallway, telling him “this is bigger than Kirk.” Among them was Raycine Ector, the lead organizer of Cancel the Contract Antelope Valley, a community coalition advocating for ending contracts between the Sheriff’s Department and local cities and schools.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/education/schools/texas-state-system-dissolves-faculty-senates-eroding-professors-influence-on-campuses/269-9316f6c5-2fab-438f-a55b-7d7204f6078e
Article: The law, Senate Bill 37, is part of a broader effort by Republican lawmakers to assert more control over public universities following years of clashes with faculty over issues like tenure, diversity initiatives and academic freedom. Other university systems, including Texas A&M, University of Houston and University of North Texas, are taking steps to preserve their faculty senates and avoid a gap in faculty representation by restructuring them ahead of the Sept. The University of Houston System said it began planning for a new faculty council earlier this summer, and its board is scheduled to vote on the updated policies and bylaws in August. The Texas Tech University System has indicated it plans to retain its faculty senates in accordance with the new law, though it’s unclear what steps it has taken in that direction. “It’s a head-scratching moment to wonder how and why the effort looks so different,” said Joseph Velasco, a professor at Sul Ross State University, which is part of the Texas State University System. “It risks breaking the thread of shared governance that keeps the university healthy and accountable.” At Sul Ross, faculty who teach at least six credit hours a semester automatically become members of the faculty assembly, a body that functions like a faculty senate and advises the administration. Faculty senates, which have traditionally elected their own leaders and representatives, will look drastically different under SB 37, even at those universities opting to keep their faculty senates and adapt them to comply with the law. “Continuity matters because a functioning faculty senate serves as a check and balance within the university.” Mark Criley, a senior program officer at the American Association of University Professors, said the administration could also use the new faculty senates to make it appear as if they have faculty support when they do not. SB 37 requires faculty senates to broadcast their meetings when a majority of members are present, record attendance on critical votes, and post agendas seven days in advance, a stricter standard than the 72-hour requirement under the Texas Open Meetings Act. The law also allows university administrators to remove faculty senate members for “failing to conduct the member’s responsibilities within the council or senate’s parameters, failing to attend council or senate meetings or engaging in similar misconduct.” The law doesn’t define what qualifies as misconduct. Last year, more than 500 professors at Creighton’s alma mater, UT-Austin, signed a petition calling for the removal of then-President Jay Hartzell over his decision to have law enforcement respond to peaceful pro-Palestinian demonstrations on campus. Coby Condrey, a librarian who serves as chair of the UNT faculty senate, said that he expects to continue that strategy under SB 37, and that UNT’s administration will respond in kind. He anticipates the UNT System’s board of regents will authorize faculty senates at their meeting later this month, and said UNT President Harrison Keller has already agreed to consider faculty recommendations when selecting appointees. “We know that it is always going to be better for the faculty to have the administration at least hear our concerns, even if not all of the decisions might be the ones that we would prefer,” Condrey said. Disclosure: Southern Methodist University, Sul Ross University, Texas State University System, Texas Tech University System, University of Houston, University of North Texas, University of Texas System and West Texas A&M University have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-hooters-reopening-firefighter-injured-honored/287-8c774dea-ed3c-4446-a1f8-93079a52c128
Article: Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 Example video title will go here for this video Next up in 5 To stream WFAA on your phone, you need the WFAA app. DALLAS — More than a year after a fire tore through a historic West End building in downtown Dallas, the city’s firefighters returned to the site as the restaurant reopened.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/tarrant-county/three-dogs-accused-in-north-texas-fatal-mauling-released-back-to-owner/287-2b326d96-dd67-4891-9c9d-cd6273cbb5e8
Article: FORT WORTH, Texas — Three dogs seized in connection with the death of an 82-year-old man have been released after a judge ruled there was insufficient evidence linking them to the fatal attack, according to defense attorneys representing the owner of the dogs. But to be attacked by dogs and bleed out." Investigation Challenges The Tarrant County Sheriff's Office seized one pit bull and two shepherd mixes from a neighboring property in June. "This is an ongoing investigation with the possibility of more warrants being issued at some point in the future," said Robbie Hoy, Public Information Officer for the Tarrant County Sheriff's Office.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn844n379y5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: What we learnt from Nicola Sturgeon's memoir 26 minutes ago Share Save James Cook • @BBCJamesCook Scotland editor Share Save BBC Nicola Sturgeon's memoir Frankly is now on sale, slightly earlier than expected after newspaper serialisations and interviews teased some tantalising extracts. Spindrift Isla Bryson was jailed in 2023 after being convicted of rape Sturgeon also addresses the case of double rapist Adam Graham who was initially sent to a female prison after self-identifying as a woman called Isla Bryson. "In football parlance, I lost the dressing room." Speaking to ITV News on Monday Sturgeon said she now believed a rapist "probably forfeits the right" to identify as a woman. JK Rowling JK Rowling posted a selfie of herself wearing a T-shirt describing Sturgeon as a "destroyer of women's rights" The former first minister also criticises her highest profile opponent on the gender issue, Harry Potter author JK Rowling, for posting a selfie in a T-shirt bearing the slogan "Nicola Sturgeon, destroyer of women's rights". Her relationship with Alex Salmond Sturgeon's mentor and predecessor as first minster, Alex Salmond, is mentioned dozens of times in the book, often in unflattering terms which reflect their estrangement after he was accused of sexual offences. Salmond won a judicial review of the Scottish government's handling of complaints against him and in 2020 was cleared of all 13 charges but his reputation was sullied by revelations in court about inappropriate behaviour with female staff. "He impugned the integrity of the institutions at the heart of Scottish democracy," she writes, adding: "He was prepared to traumatise, time and again, the women at the centre of it all". The campaign was tough, she says, partly because of what she calls unbalanced coverage by the British media including the BBC and partly because Salmond left her to do much of the heavy lifting. PA Media Sturgeon claims Alex Salmond showed little interest in the "detail" of the independence white paper A key period in the lead-up to the poll was her preparation, as deputy first minister, of a white paper setting out the case for independence. Getty Images Sturgeon described her house as looking like a murder scene Text here Leading Scotland during the pandemic For Sturgeon, the coronavirus pandemic which struck the world five years ago still provokes "a torrent of emotion". She says she will be haunted forever by the thought that going into lockdown earlier could have saved more lives and, in January 2024, after she wept while giving evidence to the UK Covid inquiry, she "came perilously close to a breakdown". PA Media Nicola Sturgeon appeared visibly upset when giving evidence to the Covid Inquiry Text here Misogyny and sexism Scathing comments about the inappropriate behaviour of men are scattered throughout the book. "Like all women, since the dawn of time, I have faced misogyny and sexism so endemic that I didn't always recognize it as such," Sturgeon writes on the very first page. Sturgeon says a male MSP from a rival party taunted her with the nickname "gnasher" as he spread a false rumour that she had injured a boyfriend during oral sex. Nicola Sturgeon says she may have appeared to be a confident and combative leader but underneath she is a "painfully shy" introvert who has "always struggled to believe in herself." She writes in detail about the "excruciating pain" and heartbreak of suffering a miscarriage after becoming pregnant at the age of 40. Sturgeon touches on the end of her marriage, saying "I love him" but the strain of the past couple of years was "impossible to bear." She also writes about her experience of the menopause, explaining that "one of my deepest anxieties was that I would suddenly forget my words midway through an answer" at First Minister's Question Time.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cg7jjkvzmkxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US and China extend trade truce deadline to avoid tariffs hike 7 minutes ago Share Save Natalie Sherman & Osmond Chia BBC News Share Save Getty Images The US and China have extended their trade truce until 10 November, just hours before a jump in tariffs had been set to take effect. China's top negotiator said at the time that the two countries would push to preserve the truce, while US officials said they were waiting for final sign-off from US President Donald Trump. A spokesperson for the Chinese embassy in Washington said: "Win-win cooperation between China and the United States is the right path; suppression and containment will lead nowhere." In the statement, China also called on the US to lift its "unreasonable" trade restrictions, work together to benefit companies on both sides and maintain the stability of global semiconductor production.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c24zz2vdv51o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Staff fear UK's Turing AI Institute at risk of collapse 4 hours ago Share Save Zoe Kleinman Technology editor Joshua Nevett Political reporter Share Save EPA Staff at the UK's national institute for artificial intelligence (AI) have warned the charity is at risk of collapse, after Technology Secretary Peter Kyle threatened to withdraw its funding. The Department for Science, Innovation & Technology (DSIT) spokesperson said the institute "is an independent organisation and has been consulting on changes to refocus its work under its Turing 2.0 strategy". "The changes set out in his letter would do exactly that, giving the Institute a key role in safeguarding our national security and positioning it where the British public expects it to be," they said. Any shift to focusing on defence would be a significant pivot for the publicly funded organisation, which was given a grant of £100m by the previous Conservative government last year. The Turing Institute told the BBC it was undertaking "substantial organisational change to ensure we deliver on the promise and unique role of the UK's national institute for data science and AI". A Charity Commission spokesperson said: "We are currently assessing concerns raised about the Alan Turing Institute to determine any regulatory role for us." They said it is in the early stages of this assessment and has not decided whether to launch a formal legal investigation. Warning of a risk to funding, the complaint said the Turing Institute's "ongoing delivery failures, governance instability and lack of transparency have triggered serious concerns among its public and private funders".

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/live/2025/08/11/us/trump-news/trial-opens-in-californias-suit-against-national-guard-deployment
Article: “Our capital city has been overtaken by violent gangs and bloodthirsty criminals, roving mobs of wild youth, drugged-out maniacs and homeless people,” President Trump claimed on Monday, despite falling crime in Washington. President Trump on Monday took federal control of the police force in the nation’s capital for 30 days and mobilized 800 National Guard troops to fight crime in a city that he claimed was overrun with “bloodthirsty criminals,” even though crime numbers in Washington are falling. Trump took the lectern in the White House briefing room and said he also intended to clear out the capital’s homeless population, without saying how officials would do it, or detailing where those people would go. 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,584 violent crimes in 2025 so far 1,000 2011 ’13 ’15 ’17 ’19 ’21 ’23 ’25 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,584 violent crimes in 2025 so far 1,000 2011 2013 2015 2017 2019 2021 2023 2025 Instead, Mr. Federal officials were still working out many of the operational details of the president’s plan on Monday afternoon, even though small groups of agents had been conducting limited patrols over the weekend. The effort envisions about 500 federal law enforcement officers, drawn from a host of agencies that operate in Washington, to be used for some version of patrol or support roles of the local police, according to two officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe the still-developing plan. One complicating factor of using federal agents for essentially street-based police work is that those agents do not have the same authority as police officers to arrest people for minor criminal offenses, so the current view among Trump administration officials is that if federal agents see someone commit such a crime, they can stop and detain them until a local police officer arrives and makes an arrest. Trump's briefing room appearance, during which he waxed on about his real estate experience, the “oceanfront property” in Ukraine and his coming trip to “Russia” — he is actually going to Alaska to meet with Vladimir V. “Why has the president not made this a priority of nominating judges?” Several Washington residents said on Monday that the crime statistics relayed by the president had unnerved them, though they did not see the kind of violence he described. “I would much rather resources go towards, you know, community support and services and things like that, things that our taxes support and things run by the community rather than bringing in the National Guard.” Shanta Rigsby, 43, said crime had remained steady for the past five years in the Navy Yard neighborhood where she lives, with a noticeable rise after the pandemic.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/us/politics/dc-federal-takeover-trump-bowser.html
Article: Some insisted that this approach was the only way that Washington would make it through a perilous era, with a president who has been an unsparing critic of the city and a Congress eager to follow his lead. For example: The likelihood of a full congressional repeal of the Home Rule Act, stripping the city of what limited self-government it now enjoys, seems low given the slim Republican majority in the U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/08/12/musk-threatens-immediate-legal-action-against-apple-over-alleged-antitrust-violations.html
Article: Elon Musk on Monday threatened Apple with legal action over alleged antitrust violations related to rankings of the Grok AI chatbot app, which is owned by his artificial intelligence startup xAI. "Why do you refuse to put either X or Grok in your "Must Have" section when X is the #1 news app in the world and Grok is #5 among all apps?

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/08/12/cnbc-daily-open-investors-seem-conditioned-to-expect-trump-reversals.html
Article: US President Donald Trump speaks during a news conference to discuss crime in Washington, DC, in the Brady Press Briefing Room at the White House in Washington, DC, on August 11, 2025. and China are the two largest economies in the world, according to World Bank data, and a trade war in which imports of each other's goods double in price would probably stymie, if not cripple, the global economy.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/8/12/zelenskyy-says-putin-readying-for-new-offensive-in-ukraine-not-ceasefire?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Vladimir Putin is not preparing for a ceasefire but is readying his troops for “new offensive operations” in Ukraine, even as the Russian leader is set to meet US President Donald Trump for peace talks in Alaska. Zelenskyy said reports from Ukrainian intelligence and military commanders indicate that Putin intends to present his meeting on Friday with Trump as “a personal victory and then continue acting exactly as before” in the war on Ukraine. Putin is determined only to present a… pic.twitter.com/T3sqQg0ltT — Volodymyr Zelenskyy / Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) August 11, 2025 Ukraine’s military spokesperson for the southern front-line sector, Vladyslav Voloshyn, told the Reuters news agency on Monday that Russia was moving some military units in the Zaporizhia region for further assaults. The Ukrainian leader’s warnings come in advance of Trump’s scheduled meeting with Putin in Alaska on Friday, and after the US president said that Kyiv would have to cede land to end Russia’s war in Ukraine, a proposition that Ukraine has firmly rejected. United Kingdom Prime Minister Keir Starmer and Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney also said on Monday that a peace deal for Ukraine must involve Kyiv and not be imposed upon it. US-based think tank the Institute for the Study of War (ISW), which monitors the conflict in Ukraine on a daily basis, said in a recent report that Moscow does not appear to be preparing the Russian public for accepting “a settlement short of a full victory in Ukraine”. European leaders and Zelenskyy plan to speak with Trump in advance of his meeting with Putin as fears mount that Washington may dictate unfavourable peace terms to Ukraine after the Alaska summit.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/8/12/trump-says-he-may-reclassify-cannabis-as-less-dangerous-drug?traffic_source=rss
Article: “It’s a very complicated subject.” Trump said that while he had heard “great things” about medical-use cannabis, he had heard bad things about “just about everything else” to do with the drug. “Some people hate the whole concept of marijuana because if it does bad for the children, it does bad for people that are older than children.” Stocks in cannabis-related businesses soared following Trump’s remarks. Advertisement Former US President Joe Biden proposed reclassifying cannabis as a Schedule III drug – defined as those with a “moderate to low potential for physical and psychological dependence” – but failed to enact the change before leaving office in January.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/venezuela/migrants-returning-venezuela-face-debt-harsh-living-conditions-rcna224447
Article: government has defended its bold moves, including sending more than 200 Venezuelans to a prison in El Salvador for four months, arguing that many of the immigrants belonged to the violent Tren de Aragua street gang. Maduro declared ‘economic emergency’ Many of those returning home, like Pérez and her family, are finding harsher living conditions than when they left as a currency crisis, triple-digit inflation and meager wages have made food and other necessities unaffordable, let alone the vehicle, home and electronics they sold before migrating. “Right now, I don’t know what to do except get out of debt first.” He must pay $50 a week for a motorcycle he bought to work as a mototaxi driver. Pérez’s brother-in-law, who also made aluminum cookware before migrating last year, is allowing her to use the oven and other equipment he left at his home in Maracaibo so that the family can make a living. Aluminum pots made by the Romero Perez family, who returned to Venezuela from Mexico after abandoning plans to reach the U.S., in a pile at their workshop in Maracaibo, Venezuela, on June 16.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/tech-news/grok-xai-temporary-suspension-rcna224426
Article: The bot, which has become widely embraced on X as a way for users to fact-check or respond to other users’ arguments, posted that it had been taken offline over various statements it made regarding U.S and global politics, ranging from claims of genocide in Gaza to discussions about homicide rates by race. At the time, the Grok account acknowledged the posts and said xAI “has taken action to ban hate speech before Grok posts on X.” In a statement posted on Grok’s X account later that month, the company apologized “for the horrific behavior that many experienced.” “Our intent for @grok is to provide helpful and truthful responses to users,” the statement read. This is independent of the underlying language model that powers @grok.” In May, Grok was involved in another controversy when it brought up South African “white genocide” claims as responses to unconnected inquires. When users asked why Grok was issuing such responses, the chatbot said its “creators at xAI” instructed it to “address the topic of ‘white genocide’ specifically in the context of South Africa and the ‘kill the Boer’ chant, as they viewed it as racially motivated,” according to The Guardian. Grok also acknowledged the glitch, writing that it will "focus on relevant, verified information going forward.” Even with its troubles, Grok has become one of the most public and recognizable AI chatbots due to its integration within X, where it has become a go-to for people looking for context, information and fact-checking. In a series of responses Monday after it came back online, Grok repeatedly stated without prompting that its “account was suspended after I stated that Israel and the US are committing genocide in Gaza.” The posts have since been removed.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/legality-trumps-deployment-national-guard-l-argued-federal-court-rcna224432
Article: Just hours after President Donald Trump said he would deploy the National Guard to Washington, D.C., a federal judge in San Francisco heard arguments Monday about whether the administration violated federal law when it mobilized troops to Los Angeles this summer. Gavin Newsom and to stop using the military “to execute or assist in the execution of federal law.” The federal government is arguing that the deployment of the National Guard and Marines was solely to support immigration officials, who were impeded by large-scale protests across the city in early June. In response, the Department of Defense ordered some 4,000 California National Guard members and 700 Marines to Los Angeles as thousands of immigration activists and supporters marched in the streets and outside federal buildings to show their opposition to Trump's mass deportation effort. The state sued the Trump administration for what it called an unwarranted deployment and won an early victory from Breyer, who found the federal government had violated the 10th Amendment clarifying the balance of power between federal and state governments. The case, which is expected to continue through Wednesday, could set a precedent for how the Trump administration handles future deployments of federal troops in D.C., Baltimore and other cities led by Democratic mayors. (Newsom and Bass are Democrats.) “The factual question, which the court must address, is whether the military was used to enforce domestic law, and if so, whether there continues to be a threat that will be done again,” Breyer told the court. Harrington, who did not participate in or witness work in the field, said he raised concerns about the Posse Comitatus Act on June 7 during a task force briefing before federal forces arrived in Los Angeles. During questioning by state Deputy Attorney General Jane Reilley, Harrington said he worried that if the California National Guard was deployed, it would lose law enforcement authority because of the statute and be reduced to a supportive role. That was the case when federal forces accompanied immigration agents to separate operations at Los Angeles' MacArthur Park and a cannabis cultivation center in Camarillo, north of L.A., Harrington said. “The soldiers actually did not engage in any activity.” Prior to deploying at MacArthur Park on July 7, when federal officers and National Guard troops fanned out across the mostly empty space, Harrington received an intelligence report that did “not indicate a high-value target or threat to federal functions at this location,” he said. During an immigration enforcement action in Mecca, a desert community about 142 miles east of Los Angeles, approximately 300 task force soldiers were present, compared to 200 federal law enforcement agents, Sherman said. Breyer appeared to bristle on multiple occasions, at one point arguing with both Sherman and DOJ attorneys about whether federal forces can intervene any time people protest a law they dislike. Ernesto Santacruz Jr., field office director for the Department of Homeland Security in Los Angeles, testified that federal intervention was necessary because local law enforcement was slow to respond when a crowd of 1,500 gathered outside the federal building on June 6 to protest immigration arrests. “That impacted our ability to conduct our missions.” Lawyers with the DOJ asked Breyer for a quick judgment at the end of the day, arguing that the state had failed to make its case.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-08-11/carjackers-steal-3-vehicles-drive-big-rig-wrong-way-on-freeway
Article: They drove just three miles farther before abandoning the Silverado on Mission Road under the 101 Freeway underpass, where they escaped around two hours after the initial Ford F-250 robbery took place.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-08-11/four-arrested-in-break-in-brad-pitt-los-feliz-home-sources-say
Article: The suspects were arrested in a series of burglaries across Los Angeles — some of which targeted celebrities, including the Los Feliz home of Pitt, according to two law enforcement sources. Pitt’s home was broken into June 25 while the movie star was away promoting his new film “F1: The Movie.” Advertisement Los Angeles police officials said a break-in at a home occurred around 10:30 that night. Sports Playa del Rey home of WWE stars Seth Rollins and Becky Lynch burglarized WWE stars Seth Rollins and Becky Lynch are the latest victims in a long string of burglaries at the homes of prominent athletes when they are on the road. He was in London at the time for the European premiere of “F1.” Advertisement His is one of several celebrity homes recently burglarized, alongside those of soccer star Olivier Giroud, actor Nicole Kidman and Dodgers pitcher Yoshinobu Yamamoto.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/heb-set-open-first-location-prosper-11th-dfw/287-9e5bd4ba-ecc5-41b9-8720-8360d3c1b8b6
Article: The shop sits at the southeast corner of Frontier Parkway and the Dallas North Tollway, near Prosper High School, and will be the grocer’s seventh store in Collin County and 11th in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. Positions such as in-store shoppers, baggers and checkers require a minimum age of 16, while all other roles require applicants to be at least 18, according to the grocer's website. In addition to fresh sushi, ready-to-go meals, a full-service pharmacy and a True Texas BBQ restaurant found at most H-E-Bs, shoppers will find a deli and a "special cheese and charcuterie island."

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/crime/fort-worth-texas-robbery-bar/287-bca80d5e-17ae-46d3-b82d-e6e4cddd60ed
Article: FORT WORTH, Texas — Fort Worth police have charged a suspect with capital murder after a man was shot and killed on Friday while trying to stop an attempted robbery at a bar, officials said.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/local/dallas-county/changes-west-oak-cliff-rezoning-could-add-density-fill-vacant-lots/287-ec40a022-cfff-4f89-b0ba-6d6952a65191
Article: An initiative to rezone a part of West Oak Cliff is dividing residents, with advocates hopeful about the city’s plans to encourage new investment and walkability and opponents fearful it will change the fabric of the community. It also arrives right before the implementation of Senate Bill 840, a new state law that allows for the construction of multifamily projects on all commercially zoned areas in Texas' big cities.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/nation-world/arizona-iced-tea-could-raise-prices-99-cent-can-aluminum-tariffs/507-68524bcc-ea13-4b8e-8f74-a1c94e20bb62
Article: NEW YORK — AriZona Iced Tea's legendary 99-cent price tag may finally face its end after nearly three decades, as company leadership grapples with the financial impact of new aluminum tariffs imposed by the Trump administration. Don Vultaggio, the founder and chairman of AriZona Beverage Company, told The New York Times he is reluctantly considering raising prices on the company's signature tallboy cans for the first time since 1997, when the iconic 99-cent price was established. Just over a year ago, Vultaggio affirmed his commitment to keeping the price at 99 cents for "the foreseeable future." "I hate even the thought of it," Vultaggio told The Times. "It would be a hell of a shame after 30-plus years." The potential price increase stems from the Trump administration's 50% tariff on aluminum imports from Canada, according to The Times. About 80% of the aluminum AriZona uses comes from recycled material produced in the United States, while the remainder is imported from Canada and now subject to the 50% import duty, The Times reported. Vultaggio told The Times that aluminum prices have been "dramatically bumped up because of this tariff talk," and he expects domestic aluminum manufacturers to raise their prices in response to the tariffs. The 73-year-old founder, whose childhood in Brooklyn's Flatbush neighborhood shaped his approach to affordability, established AriZona's business model around three simple principles: make it taste good, make it look good and price it right. Vultaggio expressed hope to The Times that the tariff dispute will be resolved, but acknowledged that "at some point the consumer is going to have to pay the price" if it is not.

Link: https://www.wfaa.com/article/sports/golf/tiger-woods-commends-progress-bluejack-ranch-outside-fort-worth-prepares-design-golf-course/287-e0b14279-14cc-48e7-a201-f6f0f5883af3
Article: 18 posts on X, the social media site previously known as Twitter, Woods described a "mighty fine design visit" to the development that will be known as Bluejack Ranch in Aledo.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/demolition-may-4-buildings-vacant-decades-northeast-houston/17506994/
Article: Demolition may be near for 4 buildings vacant for decades in northeast Houston HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Four vacant northeast Houston buildings remain standing years after the city first ordered them to be demolished. "It's old vacant buildings that need to be torn down because it just makes our area look bad," northeast Houston resident Carla Burris said, speaking Monday following a meeting organized by The Metropolitan Organization. "It's no secret that we've had demolition orders in the past for this under other administrations and nothing happened, and so we are encouraged under the current administration," Fred Woods, president of the Northwood Manor Civic Club, said.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/bachelor-paradise-recap-brian-breaks-bro-code-pays-ultimate-price/17505987/
Article: Watch the "Bachelor In Paradise" recap on 'Playing The Field.' This week on "Playing the Field," Ryan is back with Jen to talk about this week's episode and decipher "Bro Code." Gina Sirico is off, but will be back later this week with some amazing interviews. Lea and Jonathon win and stay safe, while this week, the other contestants will have to vote to say which man (and his partner) will be eliminated from the show. Ultimately, he nearly gets him and Parisa eliminated over his decision to talk to Bailey about what Jeremy had said about Susie, and the fact that he had called her to ask her back to the show.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/uvalde-school-district-releases-records-2022-robb-elementary-classroom-shooting-legal-fight-access/17506784/
Article: Uvalde school district releases records for 2022 classroom shooting after legal fight over access AUSTIN, Texas -- School officials in Uvalde, Texas, on Monday released text messages, personnel files, and student records of the shooter from the 2022 attack at Robb Elementary School, following a years-long legal battle over public access to the material. Media organizations, including The Associated Press, sued the district and county in 2022 for the release of their records related to the mass shooting that killed 19 students and two teachers.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cq877llq099o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: BBC visits remote Australian reef to find out World-famous coral reefs along Western Australia's (WA) coast have suffered the worst bleaching on record after the state's "longest, largest and most intense" marine heatwave, scientists say. Between last August and this May, warmer water temperatures led to significant heat stress on the reefs, causing many of the coral to expel the algae which gives them life and colour - a process called bleaching, which is often fatal. "The length and intensity of the heat stress, and its footprint across multiple regions, is something we've never seen before on most of the reefs in Western Australia," James Gilmour, from the Australian Institute of Marine Science (Aims), said. In a new report, the Aims researchers found the 2024-25 season was the "most severe coral bleaching on record" for WA coral reefs across both the northwestern and central reefs.

Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2025/08/11/nyregion/anna-delvey-bunnies-abandoned-prospect-park.html
Article: It was a scene befitting of a millennial influencer: the fake heiress known as Anna Delvey posing outside a TriBeCa subway station with two bunnies on leashes — and an ankle monitor on her tanned leg. But not long after, some bunnies that had been procured for the photo shoot with the would-be socialite were abandoned in Prospect Park in Brooklyn, unleashing a torrent of backlash toward the real Anna Sorokin, who in an interview with The New York Times on Monday said that she was not responsible for procuring the rabbits and was “horrified” when she learned that they had been ditched. Sorokin, who pretended to be a wealthy German heiress and landed in prison for nearly four years for swindling Manhattan’s elite, spent 18 months behind bars in immigration detention for overstaying her visa.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/08/12/resorts-world-sentosa-ceo-on-integrated-resorts-expansion-plans.html
Article: In this article GENS-SG Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Resorts World Sentosa will "be ready" when Singapore's Gambling Regulatory Authority considers its casino license renewal in 2026, the company's CEO Lee Shi Ruh told CNBC late last month. to 2030, we will be continuing to launch new attractions." In announcing the two-year license renewal, the Gambling Regulatory Authority considered Resorts World Sentosa's ability to "develop, maintain and promote" itself as a compelling tourist destination. When asked which of these areas the resort is focused on, Lee said: "The big push for us is really transforming Resorts World Sentosa into a premium lifestyle destination." Tapping into 'experiences'

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/8/12/why-is-trump-sending-us-national-guard-to-washington-dc?traffic_source=rss
Article: “I’m announcing a historic action to rescue our nation’s capital from crime, bloodshed, bedlam and squalor and worse,” Trump said during the conference in which he was joined by US Attorney General Pam Bondi, who will oversee the city’s police force while it is under federal control. “Under the authorities vested in me as the President of the United States, I’m officially invoking section 740 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act… and placing the DC Metropolitan and Police Department under direct federal control,” he said. “And nothing in the executive order would indicate otherwise.” According to a report by the news outlet Politico, federal law enforcement officers will be tasked with protecting federal buildings and national monuments. The “rising violence in the capital now urgently endangers public servants, citizens, and tourists, disrupts safe and secure transportation and the proper functioning of the Federal Government”, the order states. “The magnitude of the violent crime crisis places the District of Columbia among the most violent jurisdictions in the United States.” It also says that the attorney general shall regularly update the president “on the status of the special conditions of an emergency nature that exist in the District of Columbia”. SAFE AGAIN 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/xJRIcgy4ld — The White House (@WhiteHouse) August 11, 2025 According to reports, the move seems to have been triggered by an assault involving Edward Coristine, a former Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) staffer and protege of Elon Musk, who previously led DOGE. “If DC doesn’t get its act together, and quickly, we will have no choice but to take Federal control of the City, and run this City how it should be run,” Trump wrote on his social media platform, Truth Social, days after the attack, with an image showing a shirtless Coristine with what appeared to be blood spattered on his face, body and trousers. “Perhaps it should have been done a long time ago, then this incredible young man, and so many others, would not have had to go through the horrors of Violent Crime,” Trump added. The mayor of Washington, DC, Bowser, questioned the effectiveness of deploying the National Guard to enforce local laws, saying that more funding for prosecutors would make a more meaningful difference.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/8/12/trump-names-conservative-economist-to-lead-labour-statistics-agency?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump has tapped an economist from a conservative think tank to lead a key statistics agency after firing its previous head over her role in the release of weak employment figures. Trump’s nomination of Antoni, who requires confirmation by the US Senate, comes after his firing of Erika McEntarfer earlier this month raised concerns about US government statistics remaining credible and free of political influence. Trump justified McEntarfer’s dismissal by claiming, without evidence, that the latest jobs report, which showed sharply slower jobs growth for May and June than previously estimated, had been “rigged” to make him look bad. After Trump’s announcement of a trade deal with Japan last month, Antoni described the agreement as “darn close” to perfect and the US president and his Treasury secretary, Scott Bessent, as “artistic masters”. Last week, Antoni said in a social media post that there were “better ways to collect, process, and disseminate” economic data, and that the next head of the BLS would need to deliver “accurate data in a timely manner” to rebuild trust in the agency.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/trump-federalizes-dc-police-and-deploys-national-guard-244738117939
Article: Create your free profile or log in to save this video Create your free profile or log in to save this video President Trump declared a public safety emergency in Washington, DC, deploying 800 National Guard troops and taking control of the city’s police.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/trumps-unprecedented-takeover-dc-police-comes-crime-figures-show-rcna224376
Article: You feel much safer.” Snider is among a half-dozen policing and military experts who told NBC News they were perplexed by President Donald Trump’s unprecedented decision to take over the Metropolitan Police Department and order the National Guard to help fight crime in Washington, D.C. as a crime-infested hellscape and said Attorney General Pam Bondi would “take command of the Metropolitan Police Department as of this moment.” In making his case, Trump ticked off recent violent incidents in Washington, including the fatal shooting of a congressional intern and the attempted carjacking of Edward Coristine, an original Department of Government Efficiency staffer known online as "Big Balls." “Our capital city has been overtaken by violent gangs and bloodthirsty criminals, roving mobs of wild youth, drugged out maniacs and homeless people,” Trump said. President Donald Trump, alongside Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth, from left, and Attorney General Pam Bondi, from right, during a news conference to discuss crime in Washington, DC, in the Brady Press Briefing Room at the White House, on Monday. “However, we emphasize that federal intervention must be a temporary measure, with the ultimate goal of empowering a fully staffed and supported MPD to protect our city effectively.” Concern from former chiefs The announcement of the federal takeover was met with alarm by Art Acevedo, a retired police chief who led departments in Houston, Austin and Miami. “There’s no reason for it other than the political optics sought by the administration to pretend that crime is out of control and they are the saviors.” Trump said that he had appointed the administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, Terry Cole, as the head of the Metropolitan Police Department. At her own press conference later in the day, Mayor Muriel Bowser called Trump’s actions “unsettling and unprecedented.” The attorney general of D.C., Brian Schwab, had also blasted the move and said that he was exploring legal options, but Bowser acknowledged that Trump had the authority to temporarily seize control of the police department. She noted, however, that “nothing about our organizational chart has changed.” Trump must notify certain members of Congress within 48 hours about the reason for taking over control of police and the estimated timeline for federal control, according to the D.C. They know where the violence occurs,” said Snider, who is an adjunct lecturer at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York and a policy director of criminal justice and civil liberties at the R Street Institute, a think tank in D.C. Daniel Hodges, one of dozens of Metropolitan Police Department officers who were brutalized during the riot and whose assailants were among those pardoned by Trump upon his return to office, woke up to the news that Trump had taken over the MPD after working an overnight shift.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/houston-astros-defeat-boston-red-sox-carlos-correa-alex-bregmans-return/17507183/
Article: In a game full of familiar faces returning to the stadium formerly known as "The Juice Box" (Minute Maid Park), and now renamed Daikin Park, the Houston Astros beat the Boston Red Sox in a 7-6 victory on Monday night. "I never thought I would get the chance to put on this uniform again, and I'm blessed to do this again in front of all the fans here in Houston," Correa said. Bregman, who is now a member of the Red Sox, had a decorated career with the Astros including two World Series titles (2017 and 2022) , three All-Star selections, a Silver Slugger Award recipient, and a Golden Glove Award winner. In the game, Bregman, who is no stranger to the Astros' field, scored a two-run home run in the first inning off former teammate Cristian Javier, which gave Boston the early 2-0 lead. Besides the long-anticipated returns of a couple Astros players, Astros infielder Ramon Urias made a statement as he hit his first homerun with the team to give Houston the lead 7-2 in the fifth inning.
